Hey Jude, don't make it bad.
Take a sad song and make it better.
Remember to let her into your heart.
Then you can start to make it better.
Hey Jude, don't be afraid.
You were made to go out and get her.
The minute you let her under your skin.
Then you begin to make it better.
And anytime you feel the pain, hey Jude, refrain.
Don't carry the world upon your shoulders.
For well you know that it's a fool who plays it cool.
By making his world a little colder.
Hey Jude, don't let me down.
You have found her, now go and get her.
So let it out and let it in, hey Jude, begin.
You're waiting for someone to perform with.
And don't you know that it's just you, hey Jude, you'll do.
The movement you need is on your shoulder.
Take a sad song and make it better.
Better better better better better better, oh.
I used to rule the world.
Seas would rise when I gave the word.
Now in the morning, I sleep alone.
Sweep the streets I used to own.
I used to roll the dice.
Feel the fear in my enemy's eyes.
Listen as the crowd would sing.
Now the old king is dead, long live the king.
One minute, I held the key.
Next the walls were closed on me.
And I discovered that my castles stand.
Upon pillars of salt and pillars of sand.
I hear Jerusalem bells a-ringin'.
Roman Cavalry choirs are singin'.
Be my mirror, my sword and shield.
My missionaries in a foreign field.
For some reason, I can't explain.
Once you'd gone, there was never, never an honest word.
And that was when I ruled the world.
It was a wicked and wild wind.
Blew down the doors to let me in.
Shattered windows and the sound of drums.
People couldn't believe what I'd become.
Revolutionaries wait.
For my head on a silver plate.
Just a puppet on a lonely string.
Aw, who would ever wanna be king?
I know Saint Peter won't call my name.
But that was when I ruled the world.
Imagine there's no heaven.
It's easy if you try.
No hell below us.
Above us, only sky.
Imagine all the people.
Livin' for today.
Ah, imagine there's no countries.
It isn't hard to do.
Nothing to kill or die for.
And no religion, too.
Imagine all the people.
Livin' life in peace.
You, you may say I'm a dreamer.
But I'm not the only one.
I hope someday you'll join us.
And the world will be as one.
Imagine no possessions.
I wonder if you can.
No need for greed or hunger.
A brotherhood of man.
Imagine all the people.
Sharing all the world.
You, you may say I'm a dreamer.
But I'm not the only one.
I hope someday you'll join us.
And the world will live as one.
Is this the real life? Is this just fantasy?
Caught in a landslide, no escape from reality.
Open your eyes, look up to the skies and see.
I'm just a poor boy, I need no sympathy.
Because I'm easy come, easy go, little high, little low.
Any way the wind blows doesn't really matter to me, to me.
Mama, just killed a man.
Put a gun against his head, pulled my trigger, now he's dead.
Mama, life had just begun.
But now I've gone and thrown it all away.
Mama, ooh, didn't mean to make you cry.
If I'm not back again this time tomorrow.
Carry on, carry on as if nothing really matters.
Too late, my time has come.
Sends shivers down my spine, body's aching all the time.
Goodbye, everybody, I've got to go.
Gotta leave you all behind and face the truth.
I don't wanna die.
I sometimes wish I'd never been born at all.
I see a little silhouetto of a man.
Scaramouche, Scaramouche, will you do the Fandango?
Thunderbolt and lightning, very, very frightening me.
(Galileo) Galileo, (Galileo) Galileo, Galileo Figaro, magnifico.
But I'm just a poor boy, nobody loves me.
He's just a poor boy from a poor family.
Spare him his life from this monstrosity.
Easy come, easy go, will you let me go?
No, we will not let you go (let him go).
Never, never, never, never let me go.
Oh, mamma mia, mamma mia.
Mamma mia, let me go.
Beelzebub has a devil put aside for me, for me, for me.
So you think you can stone me and spit in my eye?
So you think you can love me and leave me to die?
Oh, baby, can't do this to me, baby.
Just gotta get out, just gotta get right outta here.
Show me how you want it to be.
Tell me, baby, 'cause I need to know now.
My loneliness is killin' me (And I).
I must confess, I still believe (Still believe).
When I'm not with you, I lose my mind.
Give me a sign, Hit me, baby, one more time.
Today is gonna be the day that they're gonna throw it back to you.
And by now, you should've somehow realised what you gotta do.
I don't believe that anybody feels the way I do about you now.
And backbeat, the word is on the street that the fire in your heart is out.
I'm sure you've heard it all before, but you never really had a doubt.
And all the roads we have to walk are winding.
And all the lights that lead us there are blinding.
There are many things that I would like to say to you, but I don't know how.
Because maybe, You're gonna be the one that saves me.
And after all, You're my wonderwall.
Today was gonna be the day, but they'll never throw it back to you.
And by now, you should've somehow realised what you're not to do.
Never gonna give you up, never gonna let you down.
Never gonna run around and desert you.
Never gonna make you cry, never gonna say goodbye, never gonna tell a lie and hurt you.